first the head of the UN relief agency
helping Palestinians in Gaza Philipe
lazarini has told an emergency meeting
of the UN Security Council tonight that
the human tragedy unfolding under their
watch was unbearable he said more than
3,000 children have been killed in Gaza
in just three weeks following Israeli
air strikes Israel says it's targeting
members of Hamas tonight we have the
story of one family in southern Gaza
filed by freelance journalist Mahmud
Bassam and told by our special
correspondent fergal Keen who's in
Jerusalem you may find some of his
report
distressing they were living here in
Rafa when the war
came The Rescuers found them in the
rubble and rushed 18-month-old Julia to
al- naer
hospital it is hard to imagine
consolation in this
place until this
moment when her sister learns little
Julia has
survived my sister my beloved says Jory
aged
[Music]
five this is my sister she tells the
nurses
the girl's physical wounds can be
treated but how is it possible to heal
the trauma of being a child in such a
[Music]
war their dad belal has a minor head
wound and consoles the girl's Uncle
Muhammad for he and wife Lena have lost
their her six months old daughter
CA witnesses to the grief of adults the
baby sister
Fatima her brother
suan and her cousins the Two Sisters
Julia and
jri one hour ago I was playing with
her says Muhammad
go to any Hospital in Gaza and the flow
of casualties is
Relentless those who can be
treated and those who join the growing
list of the
Dead many of them refugees who sought
shelter in crowded buildings after being
forced to flee their own
homes so when the this Air Force just
strike uh the
building uh at least uh 20
30 person will
kill the sisters will sleep in another
crowded building tonight there is no
safety fergal Kean BBC News Jerusalem